Update sample 3 readme (#128)
Azure-Samples/active-directory-dotnetcore-daemon-v2: 3-Using-KeyVault/README.md

1. Find the app key `Tenant` and replace the existing value with your Azure AD tenant name.
1. Find the app key `ClientId` and replace the existing value with the application ID (clientId) of the `daemon-console` application copied from the Azure portal.
1. If you are connecting to a national cloud, open the 'daemon-console\Program.cs' file.
1. Change the graph endpoint on lines in which there is a "graph.microsoft.com" reference. [See this reference for more info on which graph endpoint to use.](https://docs.microsoft.com/graph/deployments#microsoft-graph-and-graph-explorer-service-root-endpoints)

### Step 6: Run the sample

Start the application, it will display the users in the tenant.

If you're using Visual Studio run the app by cleaning the solution, rebuilding and then running it.

> [Consider taking a moment to share your experience with us.](https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=v4j5cvGGr0GRqy180BHbRy8G199fkJNDjJ9kJaxUJIhUNUJGSDU1UkxFMlRSWUxGVTlFVkpGT0tOTi4u)

> * **NOTE:** The MSAL library uses the [DefaultAzureCredential Class](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/azure.identity.defaultazurecredential?view=azure-dotnet) to access the certificates stored in your Key Vault. If you have multiple credentials being used on your machine it is possible that the incorrect credential will be used to access the Key Vault causing an error. See the [EnvironmentCredential Class](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/azure.identity.environmentcredential?view=azure-dotnet) for the list of environment variables to change to use the proper credentials when accessing the Key Vault. If you have Visual Studio installed you can set the Azure credentials used by this application by [following this guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/azure/configure-visual-studio) and setting the **Azure Service Authentication** account as appropriate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **NOTE:** The MicrosoftIdentityWeb library uses the [DefaultAzureCredential Class](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/azure.identity.defaultazurecredential?view=azure-dotnet) to access the certificates stored in your Key Vault. If you have multiple credentials being used on your machine it is possible that the incorrect credential will be used to access the Key Vault causing an error. See the [EnvironmentCredential Class](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/azure.identity.environmentcredential?view=azure-dotnet) for the list of environment variables to change to use the proper credentials when accessing the Key Vault. If you have Visual Studio instaled, you can set the Azure credentials used by this application by [following this guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/azure/configure-visual-studio) and setting the **Azure Service Authentication** account as appropriate.
```

# A .NET Core daemon console application calling a web API using a certificate stored in an Azure Key Vault

> ## Overview

Reviewer 2: [8:25 PM] Kalyan Krishna
remaining work is actually to simplify the 3-Using-KeyVault folder . To do so 

..delete all in this folder except the readme.md, and readmefiles. 

See my incomplete changes in this folder's readme, all you need to do is to tell the dev to use the solution in the first folder and make a few changes 

The readme should be just, create KV, upload cert, change some code and run the app. With another section highlighting the applicable code. 

Update the code in folder 1-> 1-Call-MSGraph and 2-> 2-Call-OwnApi with the extra code in chapter 3, so a developer can try the steps in #3 Readme with either of the earlier two. Leave PoP sample as is ..

Add an extra bit of code from BASHER (check with Alex) in #1 and #2. Essentially just print the tenant and app id after successful acquisition of the AT and call out specifically where approles (app permissions ) are checked with a line throwing an UnauthorizedException (403) if the app roles do not match. Highlight in "about the code " section as well

This will make the changes super simple to maintain.

1. Get the information for the relevant Key Vault and certificate from the `appsettings.json` file then use the MSAL library to retrieve the certificate from the Key Vault on your tenant.

>    This sample makes use of the **DefaultCertificateLoader** from the [Microsoft Identity Web](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/microsoft-identity-web) library. If you've configured your application using the steps above the loader will retreive the certificate from the Key Vault as specified and store it within the `config` object. Accessing the certificate is discussed in more detail below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This sample makes use of the **DefaultCertificateLoader** from the [Microsoft Identity Web.Certificate](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/microsoft-identity-web) library. If you've configured your application using the steps above the loader will retreive the certificate from the Key Vault as specified and store it within the `config` object. Accessing the certificate is discussed in more detail below.
```
